set of covers for ford focus 3
picking trend sport even get tired of
autopilot such colors
power black and gray black tank gray
middle so for comparison click with
dinner set for dark gray
gray is darker
they are plain
then this back is obtained
passenger kusayr god
right hole in the headrest pocket
creeper velcro and hooks on tongue
then there is no hole under
adjustment
lumbar on the passenger ie she
present while cutting through zhenka
when you wear a case
this is a driver's driving
bull hole provided for fan
on the side there is closed like a gasket
lining who doesn't have it just
is closed
show seats
dark gray and black gray looks like with
of the back side are all the same then
material is included skin color here by
fastener goes 6 hooks tightening the cord
and 4 hooks on the tongues on the tongues
his seat is similar to 4 5
rear headrests back small
hole for folding mechanism wpad
head restraints rear
cover reinforcement velcro back
big here lightning is for
armrest back here means
head restraints for the safety belt under the
folding mechanism
what to take start up unzip velcro to
end of the lead
below the frog too
cover on a small seat board all fasteners
simple two hooks on a short gum and
tight that reciprocating loop
to a little if so to a big part
fastener
the same two rubber bands with hooks
the tightening cord and 4 loops for an utyazhka
all ford focus 3 kit